My Website Design Reflection

The current aviation market, there are a variety of large and small different business models, some of which small flight school, not only the flight quality is difficult to guarantee, while the price is also uneven, often cause consumer confusion. After experiencing the flight study, I think that there is an objective and fair platform to integrate all the flight experience activities and publish it on the website, which will make the aviation market more open and transparent. 
That‘s why I create Airacer，Which is an online marketplace to integrate flight service providers with flight lovers and enthusiasts. Airacer partners with prestigious flight schools, flight clubs, individual instructors and commercial pilots throughout the USA to provide our customers with premium flight services including introductory flight, sightseeing flight, flight training and aircraft rental with a variety of aircraft.Also, Airacer professional flight consultants are always ready to serve customers who love the freedom of flying. Customer will receive professional and tailored flight services.

if you are a pilot. Register Airacer to become Airacer's flight service provider. Whether the people run a flight school or are a free-lance certified flight instructor or a commercial pilot, you have the opportunity to take your own orders like a Uber driver, and Airacer helps to pick out the flight plans that best suit you. My website provides a complete management system for the pilots' business and schedule. It even helps to track aviation weather. More importantly, the system exposes the business you are uploading to the enormous amount of customers waiting for you to serve.You are free to choose the flying time. Once successful orders are received, the customer will be able to communicate directly with you in flight detail.

The core of this system is that the client and the provider must be connected. At the same time, between customers and providers need to communicate, write each  evaluations to each other. This objective and impartial evaluation will become the reference standard for new customers. They can through the fair rating and evaluation to objectively judge and select the flight products. This is the foundation of the existence of this site. I tried to set the system automatically sent surveys after the user end of the experience of the flight, and then write the evaluation of feedback services. But it is more difficult to coding. So at the beginning of the project, I just left the contact mail address. So that customers can use a specific channel, to write the mail and complete the evaluation.
At the same time, because the air service is very dependent on the weather, so I need to use this semester new learning API technology to help track the weather situation.


